The following open source projects are referenced by Device Service SDK Go:

hashicorp/consul 1.1.0 (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/consul
https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-cleanhttp (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-rootcerts (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/go-homedir (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir
https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/mapstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/serf (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/serf
https://github.com/hashicorp/serf/blob/master/LICENSE

armon/go-metrics (MIT) https://github.com/armon/go-metrics
https://github.com/armon/go-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-immutable-radix (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/golang-lru (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru
https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/yaml.v3 (MIT) https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/tree/v3
https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/blob/v3/LICENSE

google/uuid (BSD-3) https://github.com/google/uuid
https://github.com/google/uuid/blob/master/LICENSE

OneOfOne/xxhash (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash
https://github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash/blob/master/LICENSE

cenkalti/backoff (MIT) https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff
https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff/blob/v3/LICENSE

davecgh/go-spew (ISC) https://github.com/davecgh/go-spew
https://github.com/davecgh/go-spew/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/v4
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/v4
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/v4
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/v4
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/v4
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/blob/master/LICENSE

go-logfmt/logfmt (MIT) https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt
https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/consulstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/copystructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/reflectwalk (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk
https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk/blob/master/LICENSE

pelletier/go-toml (MIT) https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml
https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml/blob/master/LICENSE

pmezard/go-difflib (View) https://github.com/pmezard/go-difflib
https://github.com/pmezard/go-difflib/blob/master/LICENSE

stretchr/testify (MIT) https://github.com/stretchr/testify
https://github.com/stretchr/testify/blob/master/LICENSE

kr/logfmt (MIT) https://github.com/kr/logfmt
https://github.com/kr/logfmt/blob/master/Readme

hashicorp/consul/api (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/api
https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/v4
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/v4/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/v2/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/v2
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/v2/blob/master/LICENSE

fxamacker/cbor (MIT) https://github.com/fxamacker/cbor/v2
https://github.com/fxamacker/cbor/blob/master/LICENSE

x448/float16 (MIT) https://github.com/x448/float16
https://github.com/x448/float16/blob/master/LICENSE

bertimus9/systemstat (MIT) https://bitbucket.org/bertimus9/systemstat/src/master/
https://bitbucket.org/bertimus9/systemstat/src/master/LICENSE

go-playground/locales (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/locales
https://github.com/go-playground/locales/blob/master/LICENSE

go-playground/universal-translator (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/universal-translator
https://github.com/go-playground/universal-translator/blob/master/LICENSE

go-playground/validator/v10 (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/validator/v10
https://github.com/go-playground/validator/blob/master/LICENSE

leodido/go-urn (MIT) https://github.com/leodido/go-urn
https://github.com/leodido/go-urn/blob/master/LICENSE

stretchr/objx (MIT) https://github.com/stretchr/objx
https://github.com/stretchr/objx/blob/master/LICENSE

fatih/color (MIT) https://github.com/fatih/color
https://github.com/fatih/color/bglob/master/LICENSE.md

hashicorp/go-hclog (MIT) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog/blob/master/LICENSE

mattn/go-colorable (MIT) https://github.com/mattn/go-colorable
https://github.com/mattn/go-colorable/blob/master/LICENSE

mattn/go-isatty (MIT) https://github.com/mattn/go-isatty
https://github.com/mattn/go-isatty/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/sys (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/sys
https://github.com/golang/sys/blob/master/LICENSE

eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang (Eclipse Public License 2.0) https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang
https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/v4
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/blob/master/LICENSE

go-redis/redis (BSD-2) https://github.com/go-redis/redis/v7
https://github.com/go-redis/redis/blob/master/LICENSE

gorilla/websocket (BSD-2) https://github.com/gorilla/websocket
https://github.com/gorilla/websocket/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/net (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/net
https://github.com/golang/net/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/crypto (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/crypto
https://github.com/golang/crypto/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/text (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/text
https://github.com/golang/text/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/errwrap (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/errwrap
https://github.com/hashicorp/errwrap/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-multierror (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror/blob/master/LICENSE

go-kit/log (MIT) https://github.com/go-kit/log
https://github.com/go-kit/log/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/golang/protobuf (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/protobuf
https://github.com/golang/protobuf/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2 (Apache-2.0 License) github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2
https://github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/zeebo/errs (MIT) https://github.com/zeebo/errs
https://github.com/zeebo/errs/blob/master/LICENSE

google.golang.org/genproto (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/googleapis/go-genproto
https://github.com/googleapis/go-genproto/blob/main/LICENSE

google.golang.org/grpc (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go
https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go/blob/master/LICENSE

google.golang.org/protobuf (Unspecified) https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf-go
https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf-go/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2 (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/square/go-jose/tree/v2.6.0
https://github.com/square/go-jose/blob/v2.6.0/LICENSE

github.com/rcrowley/go-metrics (Unspecified) https://github.com/rcrowley/go-metrics
https://github.com/rcrowley/go-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/sync (Unspecified) https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/sync
https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/sync/+/master:LICENSE

github.com/Microsoft/go-winio (MIT) https://github.com/Microsoft/go-winio
https://github.com/microsoft/go-winio/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/nats-io/nats.go (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/nats-io/nats.go
https://github.com/nats-io/nats.go/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/nats-io/nkeys (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/nats-io/nkeys
https://github.com/nats-io/nkeys/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/nats-io/nuid (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/nats-io/nuid
https://github.com/nats-io/nuid/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/mod (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/mod
https://github.com/golang/mod/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/tools (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/tools
https://github.com/golang/tools/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/exp (BSD-3) https://github.com/golang/tools
https://github.com/golang/tools/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-jose/go-jose/v4 (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-jose/go-jose
https://github.com/go-jose/go-jose/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/klauspost/compress (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/klauspost/compress
https://github.com/klauspost/compress/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/gabriel-vasile/mimetype (MIT) https://github.com/gabriel-vasile/mimetype
https://github.com/gabriel-vasile/mimetype/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/labstack/echo/v4 (MIT) https://github.com/labstack/echo
https://github.com/labstack/echo/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v5 (MIT) https://github.com/golang-jwt/jwt
https://github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/labstack/gommon (MIT) https://github.com/labstack/gommon
https://github.com/labstack/gommon/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/valyala/bytebufferpool (MIT) https://github.com/valyala/bytebufferpool
https://github.com/valyala/bytebufferpool/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/valyala/fasttemplate (MIT) https://github.com/valyala/fasttemplate
https://github.com/valyala/fasttemplate/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/time (BSD-3) https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/time
https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/time/+/master:LICENSE

github.com/panjf2000/ants/v2 (MIT) https://github.com/panjf2000/ants
https://github.com/panjf2000/ants/blob/dev/LICENSE

github.com/asaskevich/govalidator (MIT) https://github.com/asaskevich/govalidator
https://github.com/asaskevich/govalidator/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4 (MIT) https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff
https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff/blob/v4/LICENSE

github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify (BSD-3) https://github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify
https://github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/fullsailor/pkcs7 (MIT) https://github.com/fullsailor/pkcs7
https://github.com/fullsailor/pkcs7/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-logr/logr (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-logr/logr
https://github.com/go-logr/logr/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-logr/stdr (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-log/stdr
https://github.com/go-logr/stdr/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-ole/go-ole (MIT) https://github.com/go-ole/go-ole
https://github.com/go-ole/go-ole/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-openapi/analysis (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-openapi/analysis
https://github.com/go-openapi/analysis/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-openapi/errors (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-openapi/errors
https://github.com/go-openapi/errors/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer
https://github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference
https://github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-openapi/loads (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-openapi/loads
https://github.com/go-openapi/loads/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-openapi/runtime (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-openapi/runtime
https://github.com/go-openapi/runtime/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-openapi/spec (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-openapi/spec
https://github.com/go-openapi/spec/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-openapi/strfmt (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-openapi/strfmt
https://github.com/go-openapi/strfmt/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-openapi/swag (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-openapi/swag
https://github.com/go-openapi/swag/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-openapi/validate (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/go-openapi/validate
https://github.com/go-openapi/validate/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-resty/resty/v2 (MIT) https://github.com/go-resty/resty
https://github.com/go-resty/resty/blob/v2/LICENSE

github.com/gorilla/mux (BSD-3) - https://github.com/gorilla/mux
https://github.com/gorilla/mux/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/gorilla/schema (BSD-3) https://github.com/gorilla/schema
https://github.com/gorilla/schema/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/gorilla/securecookie (BSD-3) https://github.com/gorilla/securecookie
https://github.com/gorilla/securecookie/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/josharian/intern (MIT) https://github.com/josharian/intern
https://github.com/josharian/intern/blob/master/LICENSE.md

github.com/kataras/go-events (MIT) https://github.com/kataras/go-events
https://github.com/kataras/go-events/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/lufia/plan9stats (BSD-3) https://github.com/lufia/plan9stats
https://github.com/lufia/plan9stats/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/mailru/easyjson (MIT) https://github.com/mailru/easyjson
https://github.com/mailru/easyjson/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mgutz/ansi (MIT) https://github.com/mgutz/ansi
https://github.com/mgutz/ansi/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/michaelquigley/pfxlog (MIT) https://github.com/michaelquigley/pfxlog
https://github.com/michaelquigley/pfxlog/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/miekg/pkcs11 (BSD-3) https://github.com/miekg/pkcs11
https://github.com/miekg/pkcs11/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mitchellh/go-ps (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/go-ps
https://github.com/mitchellh/go-ps/blob/master/LICENSE.md

github.com/muhlemmer/gu  (Unspecified) https://github.com/muhlemmer/gu
https://github.com/muhlemmer/gu/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/oklog/ulid (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/oklog/ulid
https://github.com/oklog/ulid/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/opentracing/opentracing-go (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/opentracing/opentracing-go
https://github.com/opentracing/opentracing-go/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/openziti/channel/v3 (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/openziti/channel
https://github.com/openziti/channel/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/openziti/edge-api (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/openziti/edge-api
https://github.com/openziti/edge-api/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/openziti/foundation/v2 (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/openziti/foundation
https://github.com/openziti/foundation/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/openziti/identity (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/openziti/identity
https://github.com/openziti/identity/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/openziti/metrics (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/openziti/metrics
https://github.com/openziti/metrics/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/openziti/sdk-golang (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/openziti/sdk-golang
https://github.com/openziti/sdk-golang/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/openziti/secretstream (MIT) https://github.com/openziti/secretstream
https://github.com/openziti/secretstream/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/openziti/transport/v2 (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/openziti/transport
https://github.com/openziti/transport/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/orcaman/concurrent-map/v2 (MIT) https://github.com/orcaman/concurrent-map/
https://github.com/orcaman/concurrent-map/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-client-go (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-client-go
https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-client-go/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/pkg/errors (BSD-2) https://github.com/pkg/errors
https://github.com/pkg/errors/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/power-devops/perfstat (MIT) https://github.com/power-devops/perfstat
https://github.com/power-devops/perfstat/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/shirou/gopsutil/v3 (BSD) https://github.com/shirou/gopsutil
https://github.com/shirou/gopsutil/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/shoenig/go-m1cpu (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/shoenig/go-m1cpu
https://github.com/shoenig/go-m1cpu/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/sirupsen/logrus (MIT) https://github.com/sirupsen/logrus
https://github.com/sirupsen/logrus/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/speps/go-hashids (MIT) https://github.com/speps/go-hashids
https://github.com/speps/go-hashids/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/spf13/cast (MIT) https://github.com/spf13/cast
https://github.com/spf13/cast/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/tklauser/go-sysconf (BSD-3) https://github.com/tklauser/go-sysconf
https://github.com/tklauser/go-sysconf/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/tklauser/numcpus (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/tklauser/numcpus
https://github.com/tklauser/numcpus/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/yusufpapurcu/wmi (MIT) https://github.com/yusufpapurcu/wmi/
https://github.com/yusufpapurcu/wmi/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/zitadel/oidc/v2 (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/zitadel/oidc
https://github.com/zitadel/oidc/blob/main/LICENSE

go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-go-driver
https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-go-driver/blob/v1/LICENSE

go.mozilla.org/pkcs7 (MIT) https://github.com/mozilla-services/pkcs7
https://github.com/mozilla-services/pkcs7/blob/master/LICENSE

go.opentelemetry.io/otel (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/blob/main/LICENSE

go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/blob/main/LICENSE

go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/blob/main/LICENSE

golang.org/x/oauth2 (Unspecified) https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/oauth2
https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/oauth2/+/master:LICENSE

golang.org/x/term (Unspecified) https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/term
https://cs.opensource.google/go/x/term/+/master:LICENSE

google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/rpc (Apache-2.0) https://github.com/googleapis/go-genproto
https://github.com/googleapis/go-genproto/blob/main/LICENSE

nhooyr.io/websocket (ISC) https://github.com/nhooyr/websocket
https://github.com/nhooyr/websocket/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

gopkg.in/go-jose/go-jose.v2 (Apache 2.0) - https://github.com/go-jose/go-jose
https://github.com/go-jose/go-jose/blob/v2.6.3/LICENSE

github.com/emirpasic/gods (Unspecified) https://github.com/emirpasic/gods
https://github.com/emirpasic/gods/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/openziti/channel/v4 (Apache 2.0) - https://github.com/openziti/channel
https://github.com/openziti/channel/blob/main/LICENSE
